c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\FooBarQixKata.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\FooBarQixKata.pdb
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\obj\Debug\FooBarQixKata.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\obj\Debug\FooBarQixKata.pdb
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
c:\users\benamaram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FooBarQixKata\FooBarQixKata\obj\Debug\FooBarQixKata.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
